hey guys i got a grump minor the other
day at walmart no not one target this
last one i saw i was like oh my gosh
grunt so i bought it here it is um sure
hope that these guys get where it's like
I'm like keep them and make it rare and
be happy and a biddy biddy biddy we do
the shell comes off back pack up the
methane hold it I don't care what's
going looks like that I'm naked Michelle
split in half your thing long is there's
a hole right here plug right here it's
just a stamp out those little weird
these things just go around his
shoulders and they're really pay
attention to that in the game mask comes
off gar gar gar gar gar gar guy is ugly
face yeah I'm like older mask get the
mask plug just stick the plug on his
mouth like a beauty this one has let go
cut out right there and you put the
cutout on his chin thing this is the
what everyone call right there goes to
his chin you just push it on and it
stays on pretty well once you get it on
all the way like I'm failing it and then
when you have the figure a little bit of
his mouth is still visible up here but
nothing to really bother you especially
far away he's gone with a pain to get
into isn't especially you get all his
fingers to go around it like that
because II handa has a hand like this
just like his other hand on camera I'm
not even sure if you can see the space
between its fingers it's so small I
believe me there is a space there they
might be able to see it right there
they're yeah yeah extremely small hard
to get objects into so the pleasant fits
like a picture because you could just
put the top in over but the needler no
no no no no no no that took forever to
get in the articulation I am happy happy
happy happy happy happy thank you thank
you for making and work Ingram knees
Bend look at that and he's Bend and you
don't have to be like some voodoo magic
guy bending knees and legs twist oh my
gosh they twist not amazing so we can
actually stand better but I did have a
problem with my grunt that is right here
like fell off easily I can just plug it
back in nope for the most part stay
there until I twist it some more and
then we'll fall out but not as bad as
the old grunt word fall out without me
messing with it so elbow Bend only
articulation anywhere from here to there
your shoulder like a magical ball joint
head who's pretty darn well as like a
ball joint down here ball joint up there
she's got like two I think really tell
the wave doing
good
them to stand yeah pretty much his
backpack that looks like it'd be heavy
on him but it really isn't it's really
not that big of a deal it doesn't make
him fall backwards as I thought it would
much this is an ether bent like that
Scott just didn't know ah or if his leg
falls off you might um yeah but I do
something about that leg before it gets
too bad here's him standing on been
sneeze also his leg fell off mm-hmm it's
like not the joint right here it's not
like straight up and down curved so that
makes the foot up straight up and down
put the leg not so I thought that was
pretty interesting I seriously better
get something done about this leg
otherwise it's going to keep falling off
and then I'm going to have to glue it on
and I will never be able to move it
again
there is the halo reach grunt in all its
glory I brought along halo 3 kind of
stooped over because it's stupid leg
Ranas taller squash order a spider
disguise senior little sport serve in
their chest this one seems a little
bigger he fell over okay so maybe I did
lie about that backpack thing maybe his
backpack affects him completely I don't
know before didn't until I start this
video and of course now it does
everything that I did not expect it to
do a little while ago like break so much
dan don't you will stand the rule of the
penalty of law you will stand he will
die as you would die again cult
following so yeah his legs a little bit
shorter than me or about actually saying
hi but shorter compared to the last game
if you put them sub aside game well lift
thank you present to the rest of the
body his knees down or shorter than the
hill three drones and everything else is
bigger on so she's head looks upward
I thing I noticed about him was he's not
really like orange-ish like in hela one
and two in Berga morally good where r on
the especially his mask mask is very
bronze bronze mask in his legs hell off
I bet okay I guess about a super glue
that man this review is over
so there's a grunt and there's the grunt
and they're just too grunts mr. Binskin
the shells like his shell goes more help
than use his shell fatter than his fatty
poke
I was going to do a mass was gone to a
side comparison with the other figures
but if you know having a brunch is
compared to the Spartans this run then
you should know how big this grudges
because this grunts just a little bit
bigger than taller than this grunts both
battered okay does it I don't really
have anything else to say about spherix
ever he's really cool and might be
really rare he might not even know now
look forward to the new grim outlook i
look forward to the grunt with the spec
ops but the glasses thing with the
goggles the goggles it might be the last
review or second-to-last before
christmas is over so merry christmas to
everyone out there if you don't
celebrate Christmas too bad merry
Christmas to you too goodbye